It's Zhou Guangying, the main army of the West
How could the big man Si Dong come like this?
You are a heartbroken man who has retreated thousands of troops with one sword
Aren't you dead?
Landing King of War
Chu Tian, who once broke 3,000 miles of ground for me in Huaxia
Why is he here?
I'm late
Please forgive the young master
Wu Fang, get up
Why do you want me to kneel now?
Was he banned by the prince?
Why are there so many top people meeting you?
Ridiculous, just a palace in the north
Look around to kill me
It's ridiculous how the young master handles the two of them
Brother-in-law is my fault
I really know I was wrong.
You give me another chance.
I promise it won't happen again.
We are also ordered to walk dead.
Brother-in-law, it's all those Jiangnan falsehoods that forced us to be wrong
I have had many chances with our brother-in-law
We were really forced.
I was wrong. I won't do it again.
Never again.
Brother-in-law, forgive us this time, forgive us this time
People like you
Will never appear in front of women again
If you are a woman's sister
Send you to the waste road to mine
Ah no
Brother-in-law, I don't want to go to Fat Road
How about this?
You sent me to the West
I promise never to appear in front of you again
Liberation
That African tile mine is exhausting
He is your only sister
You know, leave us alone.
Put down brother-in-law brother-in-law
brother-in-law
The young master remembers the last time he saw you
You are not as tall as my legs.
It's all grown up now
Yes, that young master
He will only practice swords behind our butts
I didn't expect a blink of an eye
You become the dominant figure
After Xiaotianzun's sword opens the sky and seals the devil
I thought I would be back soon
I didn't expect this.
It took 20 years.
Even if we are temporarily destroyed, we are all temporarily destroyed
Don't blame you.
But you came just in time
20 years of blood feud
It's time to calculate the general ledger with my backlight
We've been looking forward to it.
Pass my order
Summon Lin's old department
Tomorrow Blood Town North King's Mansion Yes Yes